##Bellow is a list of all known bugs-issues:   
---
- Some scanning routines won't reveal all the available devices on the network. *eg. First scan return 3 new clients while second one 5.*   
- `s-arp` doesn't work on wireless networks with *Protected Managment Frames* enabled. ([read about PMF](https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/wireless/controller/technotes/5700/software/release/ios_xe_33/11rkw_DeploymentGuide/b_802point11rkw_deployment_guide_cisco_ios_xe_release33/b_802point11rkw_deployment_guide_cisco_ios_xe_release33_chapter_0100.pdf))   
    **Note:** PMF is described on [802.11w-2009](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_802.11w-2009) standard. PMF can't be enabled on WLANs of `None`, `WEP` and `WPA` encryption. Thus `s-arp` can be used on that networks. `s-arp` can also be used on `WPA2` networks, if PMF is not enabled.
- There are cases that some clients will automatically request a new ARP from a device when they see that their arp table has changed. There are many softwares that prevent ARP spoofing.   
    **Possible fix:** We can create a thread when a user selects a device to spoof, that sends automatically poisoned ARP replys to target every `X` seconds. This thread will stop when the user sets the target's state back to normal (unspoof).
- For the sake of simplicity, `s-arp` does not handle more that 10 clients for spoofing, even if they are available on user's screen. At worst case no more than 7, which is also the average one. This happens beacause the user has to select the number of the target in his keyboard to be able to spoof him. We don't capture two-digit numbers so the available devices that are able to spoof is with serial number 0 through 9. 
- `s-scan` **has not been tested successfully on any netowrk, but it's implementation is stable.**